update: document http-response-time override (#86)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/use/alerting/kubernetes-monitors.adoc

=== HTTP - response time - Q95 is above 3 seconds

Tracking the 95th percentile (Q95) HTTP response time for your Kubernetes services helps you spot slow requests and performance outliers that could affect users. If the Q95 response time goes above 3 seconds during a specified time window, the monitor will alert you with a deviating state.

> You can tailor this monitor to your application's needs by xref:/use/alerting/k8s-override-monitor-arguments.adoc[overriding the default settings] (such as the time window, threshold, or quantile) using a Kubernetes annotation on your service. This flexibility is useful if your service has unique performance requirements (e.g. long polling services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can tailor this monitor to your application's needs by xref:/use/alerting/k8s-override-monitor-arguments.adoc[overriding the default settings], such as the time window, threshold, or quantile, using a Kubernetes annotation on your service. This flexibility is useful if your service has unique performance requirements. For example, long polling services.
```
